Docs: how the product sets the name attribute of the scheduled query (#14307)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/Get started/FAQ.md

It’s possible in Fleet to retrieve each host’s kernel version, using the Fleet API, through `additional_queries`. The Fleet configuration options YAML file includes an `additional_queries` property that allows you to append custom query results to the host details returned by the `api/v1/fleet/hosts` endpoint. [Check out an example configuration file with the additional_queries field](https://fleetdm.com/docs/using-fleet/fleetctl-cli#fleet-configuration-options).

> ### How does Fleet set the `name` attribute for scheduled queries?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How does Fleet set the `name` attribute for scheduled queries?

```

Small nit: Extra line here to make it consistent.

> ### How does Fleet set the `name` attribute for scheduled queries?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How does Fleet set the `name` attribute in query automations?
```

Suggestion: I think we should call these "query automations" because the concept of a scheduled query doesn't exist in the UI anymore.

@rachaelshaw what do you think?

cc @mikermcneil

> Query automations send data to your log destination with a `name` in this format: `pack/Global/<Your query name>`.

Reviewer 2: This makes me wonder: "is `name` the same as `<your query name>`?"

> Query automations send data to your log destination with a `name` in this format: `pack_global_<your-query-name>`.

Reviewer 3: Is there any special formatting happening with `<your-query-name>` (lowercasing, kebab-casing, stripping special characters, that sort of thing)? From the example I would _guess_ that it's being lowercased and formatted as kebab-case, but as a user I'd feel more confident inferring the `name` if that was explicitly spelled out.

Reviewer 4: No special formatting is happening. Example pulled from my osquery results logs:

`"pack/Global/Get USB device type - 107 - Jul 17 17:47:18.000"`

> For global scheduled queries in Fleet, use the naming convention: `pack_global_queryName`. For team-specific scheduled queries, use the naming convention: `pack_team-teamID_queryName`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Query automations send data to your log destination with a `name` in this format: `pack_global_<your-query-name>`.
```

Reviewer: Suggestion to simplify this.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Small nit: remove this extra line
